when I was young I found an orphaned
wolf cub in the forest 9r farm I felt if
I could instill rules the proper
boundaries I could harness a lot of
power of that beast
a few months later while hunting they
had a lesson cub turned about me we're
fixing the damage the Avengers did all
those years ago Inhumans are sick
unlimited power that's dangerous it's
lethal
lucky to be alive come on Kamala let em
help you I'll take my chances
what if the Avengers were set up I think
you should see for yourself
mr. stark help us with this hi I'm sorry
who are you
come on it's better be good you tried to
drag the Chimera you completely lost
your senses where were you while the
world went to hell this is our fault all
of ours you really think the world is
better without us
yes it's always been you truly running
from who you are what you are
[Music]
I will read superpowers
you
please